so much has happened since I last saw
you I lost my hammer like yesterday so
that's still pretty fresh and then I
went on a journey of self-discovery
I love you
[Music]
where are we you have no idea hello the
goddess of death is invaded as God oh I
missed this
and you and I had a fight with me did I
win now I want easily doesn't sound
right uh that's true
as god is dead it will be reborn in my
emotion I thought you'd be glad to see
me need a stopper here now to prevent
Ragnarok the end of everything
so I'm putting together a team
like the old days
surprised it isn't be such fun
hi
he's a fighter
I'm not a cream or a monster
I'm the goddess of death
what were you the god of again
[Music]
we're the same you and I'm just a couple
of hotheaded fools yes same I'll collect
fire door like water kind of both like
fire butthole like raging fire so I like
smoldering fire